So fast!
Sorry! We're very sorry!
Forget that! Get over here, idiot!
So freakin' fast!
MUGEN
He's a Hashira, right?
This Rengoku person...
Are you sure you'll recognize his face?
Sure.
He had this gaudy hairstyle,
and I remember his scent, too.
Hey!
I think I'll know it's him once we get close.
Delicious!
EPISODE 2:
DEEP SLEEP
Delicious!
Is that the Flame Hashira guy?
- Delicious!
- Yeah.
Not just some random glutton?
- Delicious!
- Right.
Delicious!
Um, excuse me...
R-Rengoku?
Delicious!
Uh, we really get that part already.
And you're the kid
from that day at the Master's.
Yes.
I'm Tanjiro Kamado.
And they are my fellow Demon Slayers,
Zenitsu Agatsuma and Inosuke Hashibira.
I see. And inside that box there...
Yes.
It's my sister Nezuko.
Right! That demon we saw that day, huh?
Since the Master's acknowledged her,
I won't say any word for now.
Have a seat here.
Being inside the lord is mind-blowing!
You're going to break the glass!
Calm down already, will ya?
What are you three doing here?
A mission?
We received an order from a Kasugai Crow.
"The casualties of the Mugen Train are increasing.
Join Rengoku on site," he said.
Yes! I see now! Understood!
Right.
Also, there's one more thing.
Something I wanted to ask you, Rengoku.
What is it? Let's hear it.
About my father...
What about your father?
Well, he was really frail.
Was he really?
But even if it was cold enough
to freeze your lungs,
he could still perform
a kagura dance in the snow.
Well, I'm glad to hear it!
The thing is...
What's up?
Hinokami Kagura...
Dance!
I suddenly found myself doing the kagura
that I'd seen as a child.
If you know anything about that, Rengoku...
I was hoping you'd tell me.
Right!
But I know nothing!
I've never even heard
the term "Hinokami Kagura" before.
But it's truly commendable that your father
was able to adapt his kagura dance to battle.
All right, end of discussion!
Um, can you try to help me a little more?
You should become my Tsuguko,
my apprentice! I'll look after you!
Hold on a second!
And just what are you looking at?
He's totally weird, all right.
Flame Breathing has a long history.
In any given era, there's always been a Flame
and Water swordsman among the Hashira.
Flame.
Water.
Wind.
Stone.
Thunder. Those are the fundamental
breathing techniques.
The other techniques were created
as offshoots of those five.
SOUND
SERPENT
FLOWER
INSECT
MIST
LOVE
Mist is a fork of Wind.
Young Mizoguchi!
What color is your sword?
My name's Kamado.
And the color is black.
A black sword, huh?
Well, isn't that unfortunate?
For real?
I've never known a swordsman
with a black sword that became a Hashira.
On top of that, I hear that they have
no clue which style to master.
Come to me, and I'll train you!
You can rest easy now!
No, thank you!
And just what are you looking at?
He's strange,
but he seems to be very caring.
And from his scent,
I can pick up his strong sense of justice.
Awesome! Awesome! So fast!
That's dangerous, you idiot!
I'm gonna run outside
and race to see who's faster!
- You can't possibly be that stupid, can you?
- That's dangerous.
You never know when a demon might appear.
You're kidding, right?
Demons show up on this train?
Sure do!
What? They do?
Nooo! So, we're not heading
to where the demons are, but we're here?
Nooo!
I'm getting off!
Over 40 people have disappeared on this train.
The Corps sent a few swordsmen,
but then they all went silent.
That's why I, a Hashira, am here!
Right, I see!
I'm getting off! I'm getting off!
May I...
see your...
tickets, please?
What's he doing?
The conductor's going to check
your ticket and punch a hole in it.
TOKYO - MUGEN
Here.
What is this?
There's a horrible scent.
Thank you...
very much.
Mr. Conductor...
You could get hurt,
so step back.
As this is an emergency,
please overlook the fact that I have a sword.
Was it a Blood Demon Art
that hid that massive body?
I had a hard time detecting you.
But if you bare your fangs
at innocent people...
my bright red Flame Blade
will burn you to the bone!
Flame Breathing...
First Form...
Unknowing Fire!
Amazing.
He sliced off the demon's head
with one blow.
There's still one more.
Come with me!
All right!
D-Don't leave me behind!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
MUGEN TRAIN ARC
I won't let you lay a finger on that man!
Didn't you hear me?
I said I'm your opponent.
What the hell is it? It's got long arms!
All right!
- First come, first served!
- Hold up!
We gotta save the passenger first!
It won't matter
once I destroy that thing!
You'll be safe
in the back of the train. Go on.
We're good to go now.
Let's finish him off in short order.
Flame Breathing...
Second Form...
Rising Scorching Sun!
Tha...
That was awesome, Bro!
Talk about brilliant sword skills, man!
Please make me your apprentice!
Fine by me! I'll make
a fine swordsman out of you!
- Me, too, please!
- Me, three!
I'll train all of you!
Big Bro Rengoku!
Bro!
- Bro!
Big Bro Rengoku!
I did as I was told! I punched
their tickets and put them to sleep!
Please! Put me to sleep, too, now!
Please let me be reunited
with my dead wife and daughter!
I'm begging you.
Sure thing.
DREAM
You did a good job.
Go to sleep.
Have a nice dream
where you can meet your family.
Excuse me.
What do you want us to do?
Their slumber will grow deeper
in a little while.
Wait here until then.
Perceptive Demon Slayers sometimes wake up
sensing the presence of bloodthirsty demons.
When you tie the ropes,
be careful not to touch their bodies.
I will have to stay in the first car for a while.
Hang on until everything's ready to go...
so that you can have blissful dreams.
Okay.
What's going on? What happened?
Calm down.
You have to calm down.
Hey!
It's Big Bro!
Welcome home, Big Bro!
Did you sell the charcoal?
Big Bro?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
To be able to die while dreaming...
Just how lucky are you?
It doesn't matter how powerful
a Demon Slayer you are.
A human's driving force
is the heart, the spirit!
All you have to do
is destroy the spiritual core.
You can kill them just like that!
All human hearts are the same.
So fragile and weak, like glasswork.
Do we tie ourselves to them by the wrist?
That's right. Don't forget
what he warned us about.
Take a deep, slow breath...
while you count.
Do that, and you'll fall asleep.
One...
Two...
Three...
Four...
Five...
Six...
And then, we were surprised
because Big Bro suddenly burst into tears!
What a weirdo!
Oh my, you must be exhausted.
It's not such a big deal, okay? I'm fine.
You don't have a fever, do you?
Take it easy
and get some rest today, okay?
I'm all right.
Are you sure?
Hey! You come back here!
Gotcha!
What do you think you're doing?
Hey! You stop that right now!
Seems like...
I was having a bad dream or something.
Falling deeper into sleep,
deep in their dreams...
Forget to breathe, deep in their dreams...
And even if a demon comes,
deep in their dreams...
Even in the stomach,
It looks like fun.
You're starting to have
a happy dream, aren't you?
You are falling...
into a dream.
It's a deep slumber.
They can...
LOWER ONE
no longer awaken.
Everyone, it's time for a mission!
Zenitsu, Inosuke and Rengoku!
It's time for a mission!
Oh well...
Now, it's time for a Taisho-era secret!
Rengoku doesn't have any Tsuguko.
That's because his training's too tough
and everyone runs away. So I've heard.
But if it's going to help me
turn Nezuko back into a human again,
I want to be trained by a Hashira!
Rengoku, will you train me—
Next episode...
"Should Have Been."
TO BE CONTINUED